---
order: 9997
---

# Vampires

##### The Vampires NFTs are split into 5 categories:
1. **Ancient** - limited supply of 666 NFTs
2. **Medieval** - limited supply of 2409 NFTs, out of which 666 generated by the runes
3. **Renaissance** - limited supply of 2407 NFTs, out of which 666 generated by the runes
4. **Classical** - limited supply of 2407 NFTs, out of which 666 generated by the runes
5. **Victorian** - limited supply of 2407 NFTs, out of which 666 generated by the runes
6. **Modern** - unlimited supply, converted from humans by all vampires

### Ancient Vampires
They are the first in this world, they can be minted, and they will each have their own crypt, their in-game perks surpass the rest. They are monstrous, ghost-like creatures, bone and skin, with degrading bodies. They walk around covered in precious ancient fabric.   

### Classical Vampires
Upon minting they are resurrected from the classical era, they are still monstrous like their ancestors but with more flesh and less ghostly. They wear rust armors because they were the first that participated in wars.   

### Medieval Vampires
Upon minting they are resurrected from the medieval era, with the warrior look from those times. Their armor is strong and covers most of their body, their stance is straight, and they resemble human more.

### Renaissance Vampires
Upon minting they are resurrected from the renaissance era, they are different. 

### Victorian Vampires
Upon minting they are resurrected from the victorian era, they are different. 

### Modern Vampires
They are converted by the other vampires while hunting and they are human looking, you can almost see no difference. Because of the way they are born, through conversion, they have less perks and they can even fall asleep if not active, but they do not need to hide that much while travelling and hunting because of their looks.  

!!!
 The Classical, Medieval and Renaissance Vampires are all children of the Ancient Vampires, born with the power of the runes, **pure bloodline**. They have their own perks but they don't receive a crypt upon minting.  
!!!

