---
order: 9994
---

# Crypts and Territory

**Anyone can buy Crypts** and place it anywhere on the map. The Crypt determines the starting point for each Vampire. It is the central point of influence and territory control. The controlled territory enhances Vampire’s properties: speed, strength, hunting efficiency, attack, defense, and agility in combat. 

Vampire’s growth determines Crypt’s growth. **HBLO can be used to extend the territory around the Crypt** where enhancements are applied.  Later in the game, when Clans are released, the enhancement and size of the Influence Zone is cumulated across all clan members. 

The geographical area where Players choose to place their Crypts is crucial for each player strategy. 
- **Time zones** are important – Vampires hunt when there’s no sunlight.  
- **Human Population density** in the area is important. The map is synced with the real world. Population density determines the number of encounters, but also the distance a vampire can travel for hunting. Depending on vampire’s level, speed an hunting efficiency varies. This way, a low-level Vampire can be very inefficient when hunting in a populated area and travel very short distances. 

Players can only explore in their Vampire proximity. Owning Crypts and special shrines on the map is important for having access to map locations, since events are related with special objects on the map.

Players can trade, exchange and collaborate on creating the best strategy to earn HBLO.

The territory purchased is owned as **Governance Land Tokens** after each purchase. This is your voting power in the **DAO** for the entire ecosystem or for the Clan you own or belong to. 

Territory will always be on sale, and will have a fixed price, except if Clans decide otherwise. 

Players will be able to put their Lands on sale on the in game market and other NFT marketplaces as well.

Territory NFTs will be used both for in game functionality and also for world’s governance, using mechanics to mitigate the whales -  DAO power will be based on the total amount of "circulating territory supply" (meaning your DAO votes could be based on your % total territory ownership among the total owned territory)


