---
order: 9993
---

# Items and Artefacts

In the **Inception Phase**, a limited but generous set of **Items and Artifacts** will be available on the world map for players to collect when their Vampires hunt or explore. 

Player interaction with the map and their assets is meant to be simple. Following rules apply:
- Players can only interact with the map around an owned Crypt, Vampire or a “map view” artifact they own and have placed on the map. 
- Each Crypt and Vampire have a radius of interaction around it where players can zoom and move around. Depending on level and owned artifacts, the size of the radius changes.
- Each Vampire have their own “Filth Range”. In this range, the vampire automatically loots items or artifacts, can interact with map objects and detect other vampires for combat. 
- “Eye of Vlad” is a special “map view” artifact players can use to “pin” on the map. This will allow their vampires to speed travel on the map in case they were banished to their crypt or Castle in an unfortunate event (like losing a battle)
- Vampires can speed travel to any Crypt owned by the player.

## Artifacts

- Give new special abilities to Vampires (like traveling in the sunlight)
- Have limited supply 
- Permanent Artifacts cannot be lost to other players
- Impermanent Artifacts can be lost to other players in combat 
- Magical Artifacts return to the map after use 
- Artifacts can be traded on the marketplace 

## Items

- Enhance Vampires, Crypts and Castles abilities when mounted 
- Can be crafted to obtain higher tier items 
- Can be upgraded using Human Blood to intensify their effects 
- All items are Impermanent but can be kept in exchange for HBLO. The losing player has the right to claim their lost items in a combat. 
- Items can be traded on the marketplace


