---
order: 9992
---

# HBLO Token

HBLO is an in-game resource and it also functions also as an in-game currency. It is harvested by playing the game and have very specific functions that make it indispensable.  Work is needed to collect them and can be lost if a vampire is inactive. 

HBLO is an inflationary ingame currency token, with high supply and low starting value, used for both upgrade and transaction fees, for purchasing/renting/earning from NFTs. The reserve gets burned or minted with each event (hunt, in-game transaction etc.)

**Total Supply:** 21 Billions
**Chain:** Elrond
**Pair:** HBLO/EGLD

## Initial Allocation
- 20% to Private Sale (investors/venture capital – etc) 
- 3% Public pre-sale (early investors)
- 2% Public sale (ICO)
- Team 5% --> not in the circulating supply
- Rewards/Emission: 70% --> This will be minted/used to either adjust Liquidity Pool if needed or in ingame economy

**Vesting:**
To avoid either whaling too much with immediate dump, a vesting mechanism willbe set in place, except for the Public sale which shouldn’t have any vesting at all.

**Private:** unlock starting after 3 months with 5% of the suplly, and gradually unlock over 18 months to reach 100% of tokens unlocked.
**Public pre-sale:**  unlock starting after 3 month with 35% of the supply (220,5mlns) gradually over 3 months ach 100% of tokens unlocked.
**Public sale:** no vesting.

**Team:** 5% of total reservation unlocked and the remaining 95% unlocking linearly over 24 months. 

## Liquidity pools/staking
- There will be only one starting LP: HBLO/EGLD.
- Users will be able to put their HBLO/EGLD in the pool, having a MERC (LP token) they can use to get an additional revenue of kind of stable 55% APR (0,15% daily).
- Using the game interface, players will be able to "rent a mercenary" by paying EGLD and the platform allocates the liquidity automatically for that player
- Additionally to MERCs, a simple in-game staking interface for just HBLO staking in form of "Blood Bank contribution", with a lower APY (15% - 20%) will be available as a pilot. If sustainable, it will be kept permanently.

**Other**

Players can use their HBLO for everything ingame, including buying territory and crypts, which holds value because of HBLO/EGLD pair. As a pilot, players will also have the option to use EGLD directly. 
